NARRATOR: On Christmas
Eve, many years ago...
...I lay quietly in my bed.
I did not rustle the sheets.
I breathed slowly
and silently.
I was listening for a sound
I was afraid I'd never hear.
The ringing bells
of Santa's sleigh.
[SIZZLES]
Aah!
[JINGLING]
[CLANGING]
DAD: All right. All
right, Sarah...
...you had your water.
Now let's get you
upstairs and into bed.
SARAH: But... But...
But, I have to...
He said Santa
would have to...
fly faster than the
speed of light...
...to get to every
house in one night.
- DAD: So?
- And to hold everyone's presents...
...his sled would be bigger
than an ocean liner.
DAD: Your brother said that?
He was just kidding you.
He knows there's a Santa.
SARAH: He said
he wasn't sure.
He wasn't sure if
Santa was for real.
DAD: Of course
Santa's for real.
He's as real as
Christmas itself.
MOM: But he won't come...
...until you're sound asleep,
young lady.
Sweet dreams.
DAD: Santa will be here
before you know it.
So go to sleep.
[JINGLING]
[HUFFS]
Mm-hm.
"Stark, barren.
Devoid of life."
[FOOTSTEPS]
DAD: He's gotta
be asleep by now.
MOM: He used to stay
awake all night...
...waiting for Santa.
DAD: Think those days
are just about over.
MOM: That would be sad
if that were true.
DAD: Yeah, an end
of the magic.
MOM: Merry Christmas,
sweetheart.
DAD: See, he's out like a light.
An express train wouldn't
wake him up now.
[THINKING] "End of the magic "?
[TICKING]
[TICKING STOPS]
[RUMBLING]
[WHISTLE BLOWING]
[CHUGGING RAPIDLY]
[BRAKES SQUEALING GENTLY]
[TRAIN CREAKING RAPIDLY]
CONDUCTOR: All aboard!
All aboard!
Well? You coming?
Where?
Why, to the North Pole, of course.
This is the Polar Express.
The North Pole?
I see.
Hold this, please.
Thank you.
Is this you?
- Yeah.
- Well, it says here...
...no photo with a
department-store
Santa this year, no
letter to Santa.
And you made your sister...
put out the milk and cookies. Mm-mm.
Sounds to me like
this is your crucial year.
If I were you,
I would think about
climbing on board.
Come on, come on, come on.
I've got a schedule to keep-Oh.
Suit yourself.
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
[CONDUCTOR CLEARS THROAT]
KIDS: ♪ 'Cause that's
the way things happen
♪ On the Polar Express
♪ Whoo, Whoo, the whistle blows
That's the sound of her singing
♪ Ding, ding, the bell will ring
Golly, look at her go
♪ You wonder if we'll get there soon
Anybody's guess
♪ 'Cause that's the way things happen
On the Polar Express
♪ When we get there
We'll scream, "Yay!"
♪ We'll arrive with
A bang, bang, bang
♪ Boom, boom, boom
Laughing all the way
♪ With a comfy seat and lots to eat
Boy, it's just the best
♪ Wish it wouldn't ever have to end
♪ With a little luck, we'll be on time
There's no need to stress
♪ 'Cause that's the way things happen
On the Polar Express
Hey. Hey, you. Yeah, you.
Do you know what kind
of train this is?
- Huh?
- Train.
Do you know what kind
of train this is?
Well, do you?
- Uh...
- HERO GIRL: Of course.
It's a magic train.
- We're going to the North Pole.
- KNOW-IT-ALL: I know it's a magic train.
Actually it's a Baldwin 2-8-4
S3-class steam locomotive...
...built in 1931 at the
Baldwin Locomotive Works.
It weighs 456,100
pounds and...
Are we really going to the North Pole?
KNOW-IT-ALL: Hey, look, everybody!
- Mm-hm. Isn't that wonderful?
Herpolsheimer's! Herpolsheimer's!
[KIDS CHEERING EXCITEDLY]
Wow, look at all those presents.
I want all of them.
It's so Christmassy and cozy
and beautiful!
CONDUCTOR: Tickets.
Tickets, please.
Tickets.
Ticket, please.
Try your pocket.
Try your other pocket.
Thank you, sir.
KID: Hey, watch out, there.
Uh-uh-uh. That is a public-address microphone.
It is not a toy.
KNOW-IT-ALL:
Boy, that guy sure likes to show off.
Look what that wise guy
punched on my ticket.
- "L-E." What the heck does that mean?
- Next stop, 11344 Edbrooke.
We're heading for the
other side of the tracks.
CONDUCTOR:
Well? You coming?
Ah, it's just another pickup.
That's weird. I thought you were
supposed to be the last one.
CONDUCTOR:
Why, to the North Pole, of course.
This is the Polar Express.
Suit yourself.
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
[STAMMERS] Hey, that kid
wants to get on the train.
HERO BOY: Come on!
Hurry up!
We have to stop the train.
- HERO GIRL: I don't know how.
- Pull the emergency brake!
[ALL GROANING]
Who in the blazes applied
that emergency brake?!
He did.
You.
In case you didn't know,
that cord is for
emergency purposes only.
And in case you
weren't aware,
tonight is Christmas Eve.
And in case you
hadn't noticed,
this train is on a
very tight schedule.
Now, young man,
Christmas may not be
important to some people...
...but it is very important
to the rest of us!
But... But...
He was just trying to stop the train
so that kid could get on.
Hmm.
I see. Young man,
is that what happened?
Well...
Let me remind you we are
on a very tight schedule.
And I've never been late before...
...and I am certainly not
going to be late tonight.
Now, everybody, take your seats, please!
Thank you.
[TRAIN SHUDDERS]
Your attention, please.
Are there any Polar Express passengers
in need of refreshment?
KIDS: Me! Me! Me!
- I thought so.
[TAP DANCING INDISTINCTLY]
- ♪ Hot, hot
- CONDUCTOR: ♪ Oh, we got it
- ♪ Hey, we got it
- ♪ Hot, hot
- ♪ Say, we got it
♪ Hot chocolate
Hot, hot
- ♪ Oh, we got it
- ♪ Hot, hot
- ♪ So we got it
♪ Yo, we got it
- ♪ Hot chocolate
- ♪ Here we've only got one rule
♪ Never ever let it cool
♪ Keep it cooking in the pot
- ♪ Then you got
- ♪ Hot chocolate
- ♪ Hot, hot
- ♪ Oh, we got it
- ♪ Hey, we got it
- ♪ Hot, hot
- ♪ Say, we got it
♪ Hot chocolate
Hot, hot
- ♪ Oh, we got it
- ♪ Hot, hot
- ♪ So we got it
♪ Yo, we got it
- WAITERS: ♪ Hot chocolate
- CONDUCTOR: ♪ Here we only got one rule
WAITERS: ♪ Here we only got one rule
♪ Never ever let it cool
♪ Keep it cooking in the pot
♪ Soon you got hot chocolate
- ♪ Hot, hot
- ♪ Hey, we got it
- ♪ Oh, we got it
- ♪ Hot, hot
- ♪ Yeah, we got it
- ♪ Oh, we got it
- ♪ Hot, hot
- ♪ Yeah, we got it
- ♪ Oh, we got it
- ♪ Hot, hot
- ♪ Yeah, we got it
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
You know, Montezuma,
the king of the Aztecs...
...would drink 50 quarts
of hot chocolate every day.
It was thick as mud and red.
He put chili pepper
in instead of sugar.
- Get it? Hot chocolate?
- KID: How do you know? That's not true.
- HERO BOY: Where you going with that?
- It's for him.
- I don't think we're to leave our seats.
- Yeah. It's a violation of safety regulations...
...for a kid to cross moving cars
without a grown-up.
I think I'll be Okay.
Are you sure?
[FOOTSTEPS]
What about this
lad in the back?
Did he get any refreshment?
HERO BOY: Uh-uh.
Well, let's take some
to him, by all means.
Watch your step, now.
Watch your step.
HERO BOY: Uh-oh.
She forgot her ticket.
It hasn't been punched.
Hey, what are you doing?
You're gonna get
us all in trouble!
[WOLF HOWLING FAINTLY]
[BIRD SPITS]
CONDUCTOR: Young lady, forgive me.
I believe I have neglected
to punch your ticket.
May I?
I left my ticket right
here on the seat.
But it's gone.
You mean...
...you have lost your ticket.
She didn't lose her ticket.
I did.
I was trying to
return it to you.
But the wind blew it out of my hand.
[SIGHS SOFTLY]
You can have my ticket.
CONDUCTOR: Blah!
These tickets are
not transferable.
Young lady...
...you will just have to
come along with me.
You know what's
gonna happen now?
He's gonna throw
her off the train.
Yeah, he's gonna
probably throw her
right off the rear platform.
It's standard procedure.
That way, she won't get
sucked under the wheels.
They may slow the train
down a little...
but they're never
gonna stop it.
Stop it?
That's it! I have to
stop the train again.
KNOW-IT-ALL: No, please,
don't do that again.
HERO BOY: Where'd they go?
What happened to them?
Please, she's in big trouble.
You have to help me.
Hey!
I found your ticket! Wait!
Wait!
I have your ticket!
[MAN SINGING INDISTINCTLY]
Is there something I can do for you?
I'm looking for a girl.
A gi...?
[LAUGHING]
[LAUGHING CONTINUES]
Ain't we all?
I have her ticket.
Well, lookie. Lookie here.
What is this?
This is an official, authentic,
genuine ticket to ride.
Oh, you better keep this
in a safe place, young man.
If I was you...
I keep all my
valuables right here.
Right here in the
old size 13.
Experience shows
this is the safest place.
Not that I have
much use for those.
Tickets.
I ride for free.
Oh, yeah, yeah. I
hop aboard this...
rattler any time
I feels like it.
I own this train. Oh, yeah.
It's like I'm the
king of this train.
Yeah. The king of the Pol Ex.
In fact, I am the king...
of the North Pole!
Oh, where's my manners?
Sit, sit. Sit.
Take a load off.
Hey, would you like some Joe?
Nice hot refreshment.
Perfect for a cold
winter's night.
[COUGHING RAPIDLY]
There. Bless you.
[GROANS]
What about Santa?
- Santa?
- Isn't he the king of the North Pole?
You mean this guy? Huh?
Ho-ho-ho, ho-ho-ho.
What exactly is your
persuasion on the big man?
Since you brought him up.
Well, I...
I want to believe.
- But...
- But you don't wanna be bamboozled.
You don't wanna be led
down the primrose path.
You don't wanna be
conned or duped,
have the wool pulled
over your eyes.
Hoodwinked.
You don't wanna be taken
for a ride, railroaded.
Seeing is believing.
Am I right?
But what about this train?
What about it?
We're all really going
to the North Pole...
...aren't we?
Aren't we?
Are you saying that this
is all just a dream?
You said it, kid. Not me.
Ahhh!
So let's go find that girl.
One other thing.
Do you believe in ghosts?
Interesting.
HERO BOY: Wait.
Wait!
I have to wake up.
Yeah. I have to wake up.
Wake up. Wake up. Wake up.
Wake up!
Wake up, wake up.
Wake up, wake up!
[WHISTLE BLOWING INDISTINCTLY]
HOBO: Kid!
Kid, get your head
out of the clouds!
Wake up, kid!
There's no sleepwalking
on the Polar Express.
We gotta jump them knuckles.
Come on, kid. Flip my shoulders.
Grab my lily.
[GRUNTS LOUDLY]
That skirt you're chasing
must have moved on ahead.
- We gotta hightail it to the hog, pronto.
- To the hog?
The engine. The engine,
you tenderfoot.
We gotta make the engine...
before we hit Flat Top Tunnel.
How come?
So many questions.
There is but one
inch of clearance...
between the roof
of this rattler...
...and the roof of
Flat Top Tunnel.
Savvy?
It's just the run up
to the hump, kid.
This will be interesting.
[CRACKING]
[GRUNTING]
Get back on, kid. Hurry!
Grab my muck stick.
[SCREAMING]
There's only one
trick to this, kid.
When I say "jump"...
...you.
[YELLING] Jump!
[SCREAMING]
You. I thought you got
thrown off, and...
- You're driving the train?
- They put me in charge.
The engineer had
to check the light.
ENGINEER: Here's the light.
Careful.
All right, now.
- Oh!
- Oh! I got it.
[SCREAMING]
- How do you know how?
- It's easy. Come here, I'll show you.
This big lever here,
that's the throttle.
This little one here,
that's the brake.
And those are the
pressure gauges.
And that rope is the whistle.
- The whistle.
- Mm-hm.
You wanna try it?
[WHISTLE BLOWING]
I've wanted to do that my whole life.
[SCREAMING]
Hold still! Hold still! Don't move!
Look!
- What?!
- [GRUNTS]
Stop the train!
What?
They want us to
stop the train.
[GASPS]
- Which one is the brake?
- He told me this was the brake.
- Who?
- The engineer.
- The engineer?
- Yes?
What about this red one?
It looks like a brake.
No, no. He says
this was the brake.
Are you sure?
- Uh...
- Are you sure?
ENGINEER: Pull the brake!
Stop the train!
[BRAKES SQUEALING]
[SCREAMING]
[YELLING]
Caribou?
- Ugh.
- CONDUCTOR: There's no Christmas...
...without the Polar
Express arriving on time.
Am I the only one who
understands that?
You!
I should have known.
Young man, are you bound
and determined that...
this train never reaches
the North Pole?
But look.
Caribou crossing?!
I make that herd
to be at least...
100,000, maybe
even a million.
It's gonna be hours...
before they clear this track.
- A tough nut to crack.
- We are in some serious jelly.
- And a jam.
- Tight spot.
- Up a creek.
- Up a tree.
- Lost in the grass.
- I'll tell you what's grass: our...
[GROANING]
[CARIBOU WHINES]
[SCREAMING]
[WHINES]
[SHRIEKING]
[SCREAMING CONTINUES]
[WHINES]
Problem solved. All ahead, slow.
[GRUNTS]
HERO BOY: We're going pretty fast.
Tell the engineer to slow down.
HERO GIRL: Slow it down.
Watch the speed!
Ah! Jumping jeepers,
the Cotter pin sheared off.
- What?
- The pin.
- Where?
- There.
- Oh, no.
- They can't hear me.
- They can't'? Oh...
CONDUCTOR: I don't like the look of this.
Quick, under the safety bar.
Is everything all right?
What should we do?
Well, considering the fact...
that we have lost communication
with the engineer...
...we are standing
totally exposed...
on the front of
the locomotive mover...
...the train appears to be
accelerating uncontrollably...
...and we are rapidly...
approaching Glacier Gulch...
...which just happens
to be the steepest...
downhill grade in the world...
...I suggest we all hold on...
...tightly!
[ALL SCREAMING]
[SCREAMING CONTINUES]
Whoa! The pin!
Whoa! Oh!
[GRUNTING]
Jiminy Christmas!
The ice has frozen
over the tracks.
[HERO GIRL YELLING]
[TRAIN GROANING RAPIDLY]
[ICE CRACKING]
- Hold on. Hold on. No, no.
- [HERO GIRL SCREAMING]
Come on. Watch your step.
Come on, sweetie.
Up you go. Up you go.
- Shh.
- Put your feet on here. On here.
CONDUCTOR: Little adventure, huh?
Young man, quick
thinking on your part.
[GASPS]
[SPITS]
[TRAIN GROANING LOUDLY]
Step to your left, please. To your left.
Oh!
Well, that is more like it.
What in the name of Mike?
[CRACKING FAINTLY]
Look.
[CRACKING CONTINUES]
Get us the blazes out of here!
[CHUGGING INDISTINCTLY]
Turn the sled around!
Look there!
Tracks.
Dead ahead!
Right!
Left!
Hang a Louie!
Toss a Ritchie!
Port astern!
To the starboard!
HERO BOY: Aah! My slipper.
You're gonna lose
your ticket.
It's not my ticket, it's yours.
- It's my ticket?
- Yes.
Right. Keep up with me. Left.
Right! Left!
CONDUCTOR: Right! Left!
Right!
Left!
Left! Right!
[CRACKING LOUDLY]
- Oh, no!
Brace yourselves!
Well, that's more like it.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you.
I can't believe you
found my ticket.
Did someone say they found a ticket?
Well, in that case...
Tickets, please.
[COUGHS]
[BLOWS] Thank you.
- HERO GIRL: "L-E"?
- Hey, just like that know-it-all kid.
CONDUCTOR: Watch your step.
Tricky walking up here.
It's mighty slick.
Mighty slick, I tell you.
- Oh, whoop... There you go.
- [HERO BOY EXCLAIMS]
What did I tell you?
Years ago, on my first
Christmas Eve run,
I was up on the roof
making my rounds...
...when I slipped
on the ice myself.
I reached out for a hand
iron, but it broke off.
I slid and fell.
And yet, I did not
fall off this train.
Someone saved you?
Or something.
An angel.
Maybe.
Wait. Wait.
What did he look like?
Did you see him?
No, sir.
But sometimes seeing
is believing.
And sometimes the most
real things in the world...
are the things we can't see.
CONDUCTOR: Ah, the forsaken
and the abandoned.
Mind your step, now.
These poor toys have
suffered enough...
...being left to rust
and decay in the...
back alleys and vacant
lots of the world.
What are they doing here?
It's a new concept
the boss came up with.
Instead of being thrown away,
they're collected.
Refurbished.
He calls it "rebicycling."
Something like that.
HERO GIRL: Makes me wanna cry...
...seeing toys that
were treated this way.
CONDUCTOR: These hopelessly entangled...
...string puppets and marionettes...
...pose a particular problem.
We found the nimble fingers
of our work force...
...here at the North
Pole are best for...
working out those
knots and tangles.
Thank you. Uh-oh.
Double-locked here.
You are just like me, my friend.
- A Scrooge!
- Aah!
Ebenezer Scrooge.
North Pole, Santa
Claus, this train...
...it's all a bunch of humbug.
A bout of indigestion.
Oh, yeah. I know
what you are.
You're a doubter.
A doubter. You don't believe!
You're a doubter!
You don't believe!
[KIDS INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Hey, you missed it. We rode
down some really sharp hills.
We were on what looked
like a frozen lake.
But I know it was just an optical
illusion caused by moonlight.
He said the train was on ice.
But I said that's impossible...
You can't put a train track...
Hey, where you going now?
[INDISTINCT SINGING]
[SHUSHES]
BILLY: ♪ I'm wishing on a star
♪ And trying to believe
♪ That even though it's far
♪ He'll find me Christmas Eve
♪ I guess that Santa's busy
♪ 'Cause he's never come around
♪ I think of him
When Christmas comes to town
♪ The best time of the year
♪ When everyone comes home
♪ With all this Christmas cheer
♪ It's hard to be alone
♪ Putting up the Christmas tree
With friends who come around
♪ It's so much fun
When Christmas comes to town
♪ Presents for the children
Wrapped in red and green
♪ All the things I've heard about
But never really seen
♪ No one will be sleeping
♪ On the night of Christmas Eve
♪ Hoping Santa's on his way
♪ When Santa's sleighbells ring
♪ I listen all around
♪ The herald angels sing
♪ I never hear a sound
♪ And all the dreams of children
♪ Once lost will all be found
♪ That's all I want
When Christmas comes to town
Look.
HERO BOY: The northern lights.
CONDUCTOR: Hey. You three.
We just crossed it.
Latitude sixty-six degrees,
thrity-three minutes.
The Arctic Circle.
And do you see?
Those lights in the distance.
They look like the lights
of a strange ocean liner...
sailing on a frozen sea.
There...
...is the North Pole.
KIDS: ♪ It's a magic carpet on
a rail It never takes a rest
♪ Flying through The
mountains and the snow
♪ You can ride for free and join
the fun If you just say yes
♪ 'Cause that's the way things
happen On the Polar Express
♪ Whoo, Whoo, the whistle blows
That's the sound of her singing
♪ Ding, ding, the bell will
ring Golly, look at her go
♪ You wonder if you'll get
there soon Anybody's guess
♪ 'Cause that's the way things
happen On the Polar Express
♪ When we get there
We'll scream, "Yay!"
♪ We'll arrive with
A bang, bang, bang
♪ Boom, boom, boom
Laughing all the way
CONDUCTOR: We made it!
With five minutes to spare.
We made it!
[LAUGHING]
[CRYING]
HERO GIRL: There should be elves.
Where are the elves?
KID: Yeah, where are the elves?
CONDUCTOR: They are gathering
in the center of the city.
That is where Santa will give
the first gift of Christmas.
Who gets the first
gift of Christmas?
He will choose one of you.
- Look.
- Elves!
[MARCHING FOOTSTEPS]
CONDUCTOR: All right. All right,
ladies and gentlemen.
Two columns, if you please.
Shorter in the front, taller in the rear.
Even-numbered birthdays on the right,
odd-numbered on the left.
No pushing. No pushing.
But let's not dilly-dally.
It's five minutes to midnight.
Hey, what gives? It was five minutes
till midnight four minutes ago.
Exactly. Columns of two.
- One, two.
HERO GIRL: Excuse me.
- Question.
- What about him?
No one is required to see Santa.
Ladies and gentlemen,
you do not have to hold hands...
- Come on.
- ...but please remain in your columns...
...while we are in transit.
- Look, you have to come with us.
- She's right.
Christmas just doesn't
work out for me.
Never has.
But Christmas is such a
wonderful, beautiful time.
It's a time for giving and being
thankful, for friends and family.
People hang decorations
and lights.
And then, Santa comes leaves
presents under our Christmas trees.
Christmas just...
...doesn't work out for me.
Look, I don't know if Christmas
is gonna work out for you or not...
...but this is Christmas Eve.
Don't stay here by yourself.
HERO GIRL: Yes, come with us.
We'll go together.
[CREAKING]
HERO GIRL: Oh, no.
HERO BOY: Uh-Oh.
HERO BOY: We're gonna be okay.
[BUZZING]
Maybe not!
The emergency brake.
HERO BOY: There's no brake.
I can't find the brake!
HOBO: Take a break, kid.
How about a nice,
good hot cup of Joe?
[BANGS]
[ALL SCREAMING]
[BRAKES SQUEALING]
[SCREAMING CONTINUES]
[SCREAMING]
HERO GIRL: We're gonna crash!
[ALL GROANING]
We're spinning.
["WINTER WONDERLAND" PLAYS
ON RECORD PLAYER]
Shh. You hear that?
The bell.
- HERO BOY: What bell?
- The sleighbell.
- Sleighbell?
- Don't you hear it?
It's coming from that tunnel.
That's the way we should go.
Come on.
[GASPS]
[SONG SKIPPING AND REPEATING]
What?
- What?
- Come on.
["SILVER BELLS" PLAYS
ON RECORD PLAYER]
Come on.
HERO BOY:
We're lost.
HERO GIRL:
Yes.
Yes. I hear it.
BILLY: I hear it too.
- I don't hear anything.
- Okay, it's down this way.
Are you sure?
Absolutely.
- Why can't I hear anything?
- [SHUSHES]
Get down and be quiet.
[PHONE RINGING]
ELF: Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Okay.
Well, that was the
wrapping hall, chief.
- Just finished the last one.
- ELF GENERAL: How's it wrapped?
ELF: it's wrapped in
candy-striped red...
with a number-seven
holly-green bow.
ELF GENERAL: A
number-seven bow?
When we're this
close to liftoff?
What are they
thinking down there?
Are they meshuggener?
- What's the routing?
- Going to the States.
Grand Rapids, Michigan.
[GASPS]
That's my town. I'm from Grand Rapids.
[ALARM BUZZING]
ELF GENERAL: We got a troublemaker
now. Just what we need.
Things aren't bad enough.
What's his 20?
Apparently, some kid from
Maplewood, New Jersey...
...stuck some gum in
his sister's hair.
ELF GENERAL: New Jersey? Is that
the same kid that put the tack...
...underneath his teacher's chair
last year?
- No, sir. This kid's name is Steven.
- Steven.
So, what do we do, chief?
Alert the big man?
We talking nothing
for Christmas here?
STEVEN: I didn't do it.
I didn't do it.
ELF GENERAL: Look, it's...
it's almost Christmas, huh?
We'll cut the kid a break.
But put him on the check-twice
list for next year.
All right, boys.
Let's shut it down, all right.
That's it for this year. Come on.
Hey, boss, are we
taking the pneumatic?
Of course we're
taking the pneumatic.
It's the only way to get
to the square on time.
- Let's go.
- ELF GENERAL: And time is money.
Ready, and mount.
Good. Close.
HERO GIRL: All right, get in.
HERO BOY: I don't
know about this.
[ALL SHOUTING]
HERO GIRL: I don't hear it.
Do you?
No.
I think we should
follow those arrows.
I thought there'd
be a way out.
HERO GIRL: We're gonna
miss everything.
[BUZZING]
HERO BOY: Hey, look.
A present.
It's going to my town.
To someone named Billy.
- My name is Billy.
- It's going to 11344 Edbrooke Avenue.
That's my address.
[BILLY GRUNTS]
Come on.
[GASPS]
Aah!
[SCREAMING]
[BILLY SCREAMING]
Whoa! Whoa!
[ALL SCREAMING]
Look.
It says, "Merry Christmas, Billy.
From Mr. C."
I think I know what it is.
I wanted one of these my whole life.
Wait, wait. Stop. Look.
BILLY: But I...
Those are the rules.
[CREAKING]
[CREAKING STOPS]
Aah!
Something's got me.
It's got my leg.
HERO GIRL: I can't hold him.
Give me your other hand.
- I can't.
- On three.
One, two, three.
- HERO BOY: Look.
- BILLY: It's still got me.
On three again. One, two, three.
- You.
- What are you doing here?
- Same as you.
I'm checking out my presents.
I wanna make sure I'm getting
everything on my list.
All I found was one present.
All it had was
stupid underwear.
Look.
ELF: [ON PA] You may start
your descent any time now.
At your convenience,
of course.
It's still five to.
I think we're gonna make it.
Of course we will.
It's been five to
for the last hour.
We got plenty of time.
We got nothing but time.
We got time to kill.
HERO BOY: You know what?
I don't think we're
gonna make it.
I may be just an
old railroader...
...and know nothing about
lighter-than-air craft...
...but from my
layman's perspective,
you need more altitude!
CROWD: More altitude!
ELF: [ON PA] Altitude, please.
A bit more altitude, please.
ELVES: Geronimo!
[CHEERING]
The Flying Elves.
They are specialists.
Do not try that
at home, kids.
Do not try that at home.
We're not gonna make it.
[CROWD SCREAMING]
[HORN BLOWING]
[SCREAMING]
[CHEERING]
A well-oiled machine.
Whew.
All right, you stowaways.
- Party's over.
- I was just following them.
We fell in here by mistake.
ELF 1: Ah, forget about it.
We knew you was in
there the whole time.
Come on, out you go.
ELF 2: Let's go, come on.
Step up, step up.
There we go.
Not a problem. Come on.
Watch your step. There you go.
So nobody gets hurt...
here's how we're gonna
get you guys down.
- This is simple. Why, I know...
- What do you know?
You're not supposed to be
here in the first place.
But since it's Christmas,
I'm gonna let you slide.
Hey! Ow!
CONDUCTOR: Been
looking for you.
[ELVES LAUGHING HAPPILY]
ELF 1: There you go.
Watch your step.
Careful.
ELF 3: Beautiful form.
Beautiful.
Nice to see you again.
Cutting it kind of
close, aren't we?
- I'll take care of this.
- Uh-uh.
It's in good hands.
Trust me.
[CHEERING]
ELVES: ♪ It's the
spirit of the season
♪ You can feel it in the air
♪ You can hear it if you listen
♪ Everywhere
So much care
♪ Like a prayer
♪ Whatever it is
You need to share it
♪ It's the spirit of the season
[HORNS PLAYING]
♪ You can feel it in the air
♪ Aren't those bells the
most beautiful sound?
♪ You better watch out
♪ You better not cry
♪ You better not pow
♪ I'm telling you why
♪ Santa Claus is coming
♪ To town
[CHEERING]
["SANTA CLAUS IS
COMING TO TOWN" PLAYS]
He's here! He's here!
Where?
I see him. He's over there.
I can't see him.
I can't see him!
[HOOVES CLATTERING]
[MUSIC PLAYS
IN SLOW MOTION]
VOICE: Doubter. Doubter.
Okay.
I believe.
[WHISPERS] I believe.
[BELL RINGS]
What was that you said?
I... I believe.
I believe.
I... I believe that this is yours.
Well...
Thank you.
- KNOW-IT-ALL: Me, me. Pick me, Santa.
- HERO GIRL: What are you doing? Stop it.
- Pick me, pick me. I want the first gift.
- HERO GIRL: Hush.
Young man...
...patience.
And a smidgen of humility
might also serve you well.
Yes, sir.
And you, young lady...
A lady of decision.
Full of confidence and spirit.
Christmas spirit.
Ho-ho-ho.
Keep up the good work.
Thank you.
And Billy.
It is Billy?
I see you've made some new friends.
Yes, sir. I sure have.
That's a lucky lad.
There's no greater gift than friendship.
And speaking of gifts...
...let's have this young
fellow right here.
[CHEERING]
Now...
...what would you
like for Christmas?
Me.
You.
[WHISPERING SOFTLY]
Yes. Indeed.
Hm.
Yes, indeed.
The first gift of Christmas!
[CHEERING]
This bell is a wonderful symbol
of the spirit of Christmas...
...as am I.
[LAUGHS]
Just remember...
...the true spirit of Christmas...
...lies in your heart.
[BELLS RINGING LOUDLY]
Merry Christmas.
Better keep that
in a safe place.
Oh.
Hey, hey. Man alive,
are you lucky.
Ho-ho-ho.
[SANTA CHUCKLING RAPIDLY]
Pull, Comet. Pull, boy!
Prancer, that's a girl.
Good boy, Donner.
[SANTA CHUCKLING]
Now, Dasher. Now,
Prancer and Vixen.
It's everything I
dreamed it would be.
Could all...?
Could all this be
nothing but a dream?
No.
SANTA: To the top of the
roof, To the top of the wall
Now, dash away, dash
away Dash away all
[JINGLING]
[CHEERING EXCITEDLY]
All aboard!
ELF: One, two. One,
two, three, go.
♪ Rockin' on top of the world
Rockin' on top of the world
♪ The place is hoppin'
There ain't no stoppin'
♪ Rockin' on top of the world
Lift your spirits, swing that girl
Tonight, yeah
Come on, shorty!
CONDUCTOR: Show your tickets.
Have your tickets ready.
Remember to eat
the five basic food groups.
Ticket, please.
And please brush after every meal.
[GROANING]
- CONDUCTOR: Remember to duck and cover.
- [LAUGHING]
All right, you. Ticket, please.
"Lean." Whatever that's
supposed to mean.
"Lean" is spelled
with four letters.
I believed I punched five.
Hey, are you saying
I don't know how to...'?
Oh, I'm sorry. It says
"learn" My mistake.
Lesson learned.
Ticket.
CONDUCTOR: That is
some special ticket.
Sure is.
So can you count on us to get
you home safe and sound?
Absolutely.
Me...
...and my friends.
Ticket.
It says "lead." Like
"lead balloon."
I believe it also is
pronounced "lead."
As in "leader," "leadership."
"Lead the way."
Follow you anywhere, ma'am.
Ah, yes.
Young man with all the questions.
Ticket.
- It says...
- Doh!
It's nothing I need to know.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
- Come on, let's see the bell.
- GIRL 1: Let's see it.
- BOY 1: Come on, let's see the bell.
- Show us the bell.
KNOW-IT-ALL: Yeah, let's see the bell.
It's gone.
- BOY 2: Where is it?
- I lost it.
I lost the bell from
Santa's sleigh.
BOY 3: it's gone?
BILLY: Don't worry.
- We'll... We'll find it.
- BOY 4: Yeah, We'll find it.
Yeah, we'll help you. All of us.
Yeah, let's hurry out
and find it right now.
[TRAIN CHUGGING]
It's too late.
Gee, that's really too bad.
Really.
I'm sorry.
CONDUCTOR: 11344 Edbrooke.
Next stop, 11344 Edbrooke.
Hey, where you going?
Home.
Oh, okay. Merry Christmas.
Thanks for stopping
the train for me.
Have a wonderful Christmas.
Watch your step, please.
And merry Christmas.
Look.
[TRAIN SHUDDERS]
Santa got to Billy's
house already.
Look, look! Santa got here!
Isn't that amazing?
It is amazing.
I'm sorry about the bell.
It was a really special present.
Well, you know what they say.
It's the thought that counts.
Yeah.
Well, see you.
Well...
...see you.
See you.
Watch your step, please.
Thank you.
No, thank you.
One thing about trains:
It doesn't matter
where they're going.
What matters is
deciding to get on.
CONDUCTOR: Merry Christmas!
What?
[YELLING] Merry Christmas!
Wake up. Wake up. Santa's been here.
Santa's been here.
Hurry up. Hurry up!
Mom, Dad, wake up. Wake up!
Santa's been here! Santa's been here!
Mom, Dad, look! He brought
us all kinds of stuff!
Look, a train!
SARAH: This is the
most beautiful-est,
most wonderful-est
Christmas ever.
Wait. Look.
Here's one more.
Has your name on it.
[BELL RINGS]
SANTA: Found this on
the seat of my sleigh.
Better fix that hole in your pocket.
Mr. C.
[BELL RINGS]
MOM: Oh, what a beautiful bell.
Who's it from?
- Santa.
- Santa?
Really?
- Oh, that's too bad.
- DAD: What's this?
Broken. Huh?
Sorry about that, sport.
[BELL RINGS]
MOM: Come on, kids.
We don't wanna be late.
NARRATOR: At one time,
most of my friends
could hear the bell.
But as years passed, it fell
silent for all of them.
Even Sarah found,
one Christmas,
that she could no longer
hear its sweet sound.
Though I've grown old...
...the bell still rings for me.
As it does for all...
...who truly believe.
[ENGLISH - SDH]